Wdac ps cmdlet outstanding doc updates (#2483)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/configci/New-CIPolicy.md

</SiPolicy>
```

> The first command scans for user-mode executables (applications) along with kernel-mode binaries such as drivers and creates rules at the Publisher level. The command creates a policy in multiple policy format and stores it in the file that is named Policy.xml. This command specifies the **OmitPaths** parameter to exclude files in the temp\ConfigCITestBinaries folder. The command specifies the **NoScript** parameter so that it gets information for only PE files.

Reviewer: I'm assuming "PE" is portable executable -- could you expand the acronym?

Author: Expanded in latest commit (https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs/pull/2483/commits/05ecd0c211df5df115e5821224eb3b87322e6a43)

> The first command scans for user-mode executables (applications) along with kernel-mode binaries such as drivers and creates rules at the Publisher level. The command creates a policy in multiple policy format and stores it in the file that is named Policy.xml. This command specifies the **OmitPaths** parameter to exclude files in the temp\ConfigCITestBinaries folder. The command specifies the **NoScript** parameter so that it gets information for only PE files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first command scans for user-mode executables (applications) along with kernel-mode binaries such as drivers and creates rules at the Publisher level. The command creates a policy in multiple policy format and stores it in the file that is named Policy.xml. This command specifies the **OmitPaths** parameter to exclude files in the temp\ConfigCITestBinaries folder. The command specifies the **NoScript** parameter so that it gets information for only portable executable files.
```

Author: latest commit (https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs/pull/2483/commits/05ecd0c211df5df115e5821224eb3b87322e6a43)

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MultiplePolicyFormat
Indicates that this cmdlet should create a policy in multiple policy format as opposed to a single policy format. 

> Refer to [Create WDAC policies in Multiple Policy Format](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/deploy-multiple-windows-defender-application-control-policies#creating-wdac-policies-in-multiple-policy-format) for the difference between the policy formats. 

Reviewer: Can you remove the `en-us` from the URL?

Author: Removed in latest commit (https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs/pull/2483/commits/05ecd0c211df5df115e5821224eb3b87322e6a43)

> Refer to [Create WDAC policies in Multiple Policy Format](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/deploy-multiple-windows-defender-application-control-policies#creating-wdac-policies-in-multiple-policy-format) for the difference between the policy formats. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to [Create WDAC policies in Multiple Policy Format](/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/deploy-multiple-windows-defender-application-control-policies#creating-wdac-policies-in-multiple-policy-format) for the difference between the policy formats. 
```

Author: latest commit (https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs/pull/2483/commits/05ecd0c211df5df115e5821224eb3b87322e6a43)
